# mdgen

### Description
Automatically generate documentation written in Markdown for Python code.  Simply fill in the blanks.

### Motivation
Writing documentation sucks. This makes it easier. Often times people will choose to omit writing documentation since it is time consuming; however, documentation cannot be omitted in large scale projects. A lack of good documentation makes maintenance difficult and adoption less likely.

# Documentation
Auto-generated by mdgen. Descriptions neeed to be manually completed. 

## \_get\_name()
_def \_get\_name(line: str, num\_omit: int) -> str:_

Extract the function/class name from a line of code. Not meant to be used directly.

|param|description|
|---|---|
|line: str|line of code|
|num\_omit: int|number of characters to remove from the beginning of the line|

__returns:__ _str_:&nbsp; function or class name
## get\_function\_name()
_def get\_function\_name(line: str) -> str:_

Given a function declaration, extract the function name.

|param|description|
|---|---|
|line: str|function declaration|

__returns:__ _str_:&nbsp; function name
## get\_class\_name()
_def get\_class\_name(line: str) -> str:_

Given a class declaration, extract the class name.

|param|description|
|---|---|
|line: str|class declaration|

__returns:__ _str_:&nbsp; class name
## get\_body()
_def get\_body(line: str):_

In the case of a function, a list of function arguments is returned. In the case of a class, a list of classes that are being extended (inherited from) is returned. 

|param|description|
|---|---|
|line: str|line of code|

__returns:__ _List_:&nbsp; List of function or arguments or list of classes the current class inherits from.
## get\_return\_type()
_def get\_return\_type(line: str) -> str:_

Given a function declaration, extract the return type.

|param|description|
|---|---|
|line: str|function declaration|

__returns:__ _str_:&nbsp; return type
## wprint()
_def wprint(out\_file, line: str, end='\n'):_

In addition to printing the line to the console, the text is written out to a file if out_file is not None.

|param|description|
|---|---|
|out\_file|If not None, write the line out to the file.|
|line: str|line of code|
|end='\n'|append to the end of the line|

__returns:__ _None_
## print\_table()
_def print\_table(out, col\_name: str, col\_vals: List[str]) -> None:_

Either prints a list of function of arguments or a list of class parents in table format.

|param|description|
|---|---|
|out|If not None, write the table to the file (file should already be open)|
|col\_name: str|Name of the first column which is used for col\_vals|
|col\_vals: List[str]|Values to place in the first column|

__returns:__ _None_
## mdgen()
_def mdgen(file\_path: str, out: str=None):_

Automatically generate documentation written in Markdown for Python code.

|param|description|
|---|---|
|file\_path: str|File containing Python code for which to generate documentation.|
|out: str=None|Write the Markdown out to this file.|

__returns:__ _None_
